The Promised Neverland (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Promised_Neverland)

The Promised Neverland (Japanese: 約束のネバーランド, Hepburn: Yakusoku no Nebārando) is a Japanese manga series written by Kaiu Shirai and illustrated by Posuka Demizu. It was serialized in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump from August 2016 to June 2020, with the individual chapters collected and published by Shueisha into twenty tankōbon volumes. The story follows a group of orphaned children in their escape plan from an orphanage after they realize a dark secret.

An anime television series adaptation by CloverWorks premiered from January to March 2019 in the Noitamina programming block. A second season has been announced to premiere in January 2021. A live-action film adaptation is set to release in December 2020. Amazon Prime Video is also developing an american live-action series.

Viz Media licensed the manga in North America and serialized The Promised Neverland in their digital Weekly Shonen Jump magazine.

As of October 2020, The Promised Neverland had over 25 million copies in circulation, including digital versions, making it one of the best-selling manga series. In 2018, the manga won the 63rd Shogakukan Manga Award in the shōnen category. Meanwhile, the anime series has been considered one of the best anime of the 2010s.

Set in the year 2045, Emma is an 11-year-old orphan living in Grace Field House, a self-contained orphanage housing her and 37 other orphans. Life has never been better: with gourmet food; plush beds; clean clothes; games; and the love from their "Mom", the caretaker, Isabella. The bright and cheerful Emma always aces the regular exams with her two best friends, Ray and Norman. The orphans are allowed complete freedom, except to venture beyond the grounds or the gate, which connects the house to the outside world.

One night, an orphan named Conny is sent away to be adopted, but Emma and Norman follow her after noticing that she left her stuffed toy, Little Bunny, back at the house. At the gate, they find Conny dead, and they realize the truth of their existence in this idyllic orphanage—to be raised, eventually butchered, and sold as meat to a species known as demons. Determined to break out of Grace Field House, Emma and Norman join with Ray to find a way to escape along with their other siblings.
